# VBA_Stock-Ticker_Analysis

The project was to review stock data from 2014, 2015 and 2016 and code a way to loop through all of the stock tickers in the stock market in a way that recognized when a new ticker had been found.  Whenever a new ticker was found, certain values were calculated for the previous ticker before continuing to read the data for the next ticker.

The files included are the VBA Script used to accomplish this task.  When the first row for a new ticker is found, the start price for the first day of the year is saved for later calculations.  As it continues through all the rows of one ticker, it adds each volume at the end of each day and adds them all together to find the total volume for that ticker.  When a new ticker is found, the end price for the last day of the year is saved for the previous ticker.  The yearly change and percent change are then calculated before continuing on to the next ticker.  As it loops through all the data, it compares the percent change and total volume between each ticker in order to find which ticker has the greatest increase, greatest decrease, and greatest total volume among the tickers for each year.  A .bas and .txt file for the code is attached.

A screenshot of the top of the 2014, 2015, and 2016 worksheets are also attached showing that the code successfully printed each ticker as well as the calculated yearly change, percent change, and total volume for each ticker.  The percent change cell is colored red or green to show a positive or negative change over the course of the year.  The tickers with the greatest percent increase, greatest percent decrease, and greatest total volume for each year have also been labeled, calculated, and printed successfully.
